Params:
        int lstmLayerSize = 200;
        int miniBatchSize = 32;	
        int exampleLength = 1000;
        int tbpttLength = 50;
        int numEpochs = 1;							
        int generateSamplesEveryNMinibatches = 10;  
        int nSamplesToGenerate = 4;					
        int nCharactersToSample = 300;				
        String generationInitialization = null;	

Begin Example:
Using existing text file at C:\Users\Alex\AppData\Local\Temp\Shakespeare.txt
Loaded and converted file: 5459809 valid characters of 5465100 total characters (5291 removed)
SLF4J: Failed to load class "org.slf4j.impl.StaticLoggerBinder".
SLF4J: Defaulting to no-operation (NOP) logger implementation
SLF4J: See http://www.slf4j.org/codes.html#StaticLoggerBinder for further details.
Number of parameters in layer 0: 223000
Number of parameters in layer 1: 321400
Number of parameters in layer 2: 15477
Total number of network parameters: 559877
--------------------
Completed 10 minibatches of size 32x1000 characters
Sampling characters from network given initialization ""
----- Sample 0 -----
llee.
  OoCLRNANU. Mooucherdyud oufbeess franthocg.
  GnfRAMEN I.  hoom mingt shoerillsad; I bofyud theunetrercidt fone tigettaeld dikis.
   Athess beduv theerdof, sher haceangeoworset,
    theukse thrased,
   seThethand fpasnld thive tord srove, Thederone thereild touch potsardtoventh
    and couum,

----- Sample 1 -----
l,!
   werw nowers willddocle, bubisdongudd me topond, thy fourunilogheinn.
    Theeeeed's. Thimt thowe sonusle gerelig,
   Whet younfherl.. Lemlthoude, momethin.
   Ashewilld bowserghancksor, hop pontate, obe maddins frorust
    Bkesh wholesiruone.
  Fagery floy soud's.
   Mould usmeeuod thils wowen

----- Sample 2 -----
l3p. heed; nath, srimepdlet notde
    fourd Peofert.
  TIRSV Worhyly mthk bewdlhee migcy thasls atutt. myous thilg ekent owers afvertse, ord;at;
    That, se wheuk, dath go  hithengenptace,
   csething were wilgofd bame detlun
    Thace th leserhateand frithee dlerlit;
    Chavo dhanog I
    Whanlhes

----- Sample 3 -----
llod of and.
   and lath youndeNLawese to withe spin'giule tithes'ie wy for pyacidd,
    Thouldsthamgeses theebread woumedangin;
    Theasheread thouprot. Ind theudw hit'

  BNTENUF. Bilt and,
    Whise,
   Thatherre, yhofrecayl. Hesond.
    whale I fiveshilseerof sfarngeucy, berinn

   Pethoule dath

--------------------
Completed 20 minibatches of size 32x1000 characters
Sampling characters from network given initialization ""
----- Sample 0 -----
-
  TYICEG
CART An. I came!
    Heave a spien Suppoout, and my arieplecf;
    Where a stull, Mergusimuct here thee wich,
    Thel; be! KIRSEREREn
     there not no de kond;
    Yours, lothere semap,
    And in not my sleisedain Fout there.
    Thouess vake inof aParuhala sherby
    PEaPHATETE. Mothar

----- Sample 1 -----
-PRITAN. Bostrest,
    Sarve manrathecanc. Poat gress's sice? This wlen
    Yot no wieliy.

                  Ender SAABtER

                         Exingio; your oD,,
    And wirn to me is the pucind;
    And godile, I have vy elore sour
                           Entirg.
  EENANE.. Nidd evihere he

----- Sample 2 -----
- ETher
     That should maghtentle her. DY what maye tour,
  my fally, should swerdle ghies'speved in andofgen;
    Lound, ete.
  GINTERSON. A thead
    In enthery mant with mes liis, stuen'l.
    I laktess feorsing encear offer'l's; in;
    Medling for I cheaty, wollodtus of CumpomtEste;
    And tl

----- Sample 3 -----
-qYO,
  OVES. A. Gowese,
    What thould! Led be so cin.
    Bewtonbt wele that old to and, lold Rukising,
    Whalld mup, gasees amerandes, and cusp
    Lyour. Tore for comapdaoos,
    Bote yow mesobey.
    MI would I awe hisnent wouedech I madsur,
    Geecd, herecone, ay; unto averyele,
    I weld 

--------------------
Completed 30 minibatches of size 32x1000 characters
Sampling characters from network given initialization ""
----- Sample 0 -----
K, a hony atrust aid, us not wife houll dan.
    ForcI I wmar, are are of wornts spaly caversedy

  Mar. To firin, thoucers, well I let I what you carsind; hive of I him wesen of where
    For the tere live a gowr.
 
LYEPE. Py, no
    Cressice and enert, was the bein thee!
  BOMEBE. Fyrey.
  Eust. So

----- Sample 1 -----
Ken and last; hhat, furse from vermy clonceswax swalk.
  IFG. Ane my life yin brove min areel cam,
    Oo helr ey-one ling be my lorg,
    Whrcheat'rt titnt abe thes past well briefust
  SATOBY. I have I mil sold you true, Glee, that lord, sore,
    Mear thay ear thouss lemany floch me aw iflare doma

----- Sample 2 -----
Kire, sires. Sich mow not wrice leven of helve to be wher I speer
    cads toment notblous from our him nead!
  Yet you, mone shall enf have thie, for wir!
    I mal the slare or thry if her freth,
    Of I't Faste, lord a ouler, and briek? a dist my pettecies and
    Caet seld, goich yourgating come

----- Sample 3 -----
K a cart un to guest of thre gave
    Wito my herese and a shy.
  SASEUB. Go you storm, 'tery, good no re, ame.
  HILTA. Purice.
                    Enter SELIISs Fartt.

    Wibell, to this; Evern! Hadn your woush sume.                           Exeur PERITIS,
    Ant is as soble my mant
    A thric

--------------------
Completed 40 minibatches of size 32x1000 characters
Sampling characters from network given initialization ""
----- Sample 0 -----
Kweres in the provencled deeprastaths him.
  PAKE, and ter, my meads this O tidel; Dist
    Shall and merther not shill not of you, 'puse for the not,
    In heve is the his.
  Lit. My hand stard intleden but not exept.
    Cever be you, mcres, I am but?
  CENINIUS. I will shifl to puchible is'd kito

----- Sample 1 -----
Knes our and sends hise,
    To at dive in wlat he courd out iffett him greas
    To might age the rast beard my boud,
    Did his vust ought now doand. Pract a llitur untrowred
    Be not part plome!
  TAGUS. Let in crush you engarsw.
  UHENIUS. Ungard and if'd thus shalf his dilur'd to his light?
 

----- Sample 2 -----
K's maded rescres?
  CISS KENY. I some of wooning the thane, bere surf and the fight.
  LACBERIR, T Bi, reave, Such as he camty and praves
    Then be this ne's your heair triach, to sprafty,
    Rout so begle acfemt. The Thrihfor gives'd-
    Debav the behelf'lidg  Host but I bmsterment
    The she 

----- Sample 3 -----
K, pritbther shall will lave
  , watker hit whose a preeble of Thy legs that I hises?
  Yuu his head let us. Why, lend I will not,
    breat be for a truein drown to be, you are gragius
    Nor not preacy tan the him inron a belongeriam,
    Have or that predcentiful dose incress;
    The pourmmy inc

--------------------
Completed 50 minibatches of size 32x1000 characters
Sampling characters from network given initialization ""
----- Sample 0 -----
ADDERcE Till, RORINANO. Madent come,
    So may sautions but the grace.
    Whot o twit up the cleatarms, who knew mnckel!
    Go is not, with figur dettly to heaver power 
    Anst it from getat bare were, but show
    You art fift to sin stroy he voody,
    Put women, I fought, sevice's man hen pir

----- Sample 1 -----
AcBoR. Let soll, or,
    To gaise of little stafony a lignds?
  URIUS, FARGEN. He, by the most lagh a fout
    Ontugony my lord-land judbmuc'd to thoue
    Let here the sold rathy is tor for seR ampion
    Lack?

             ExtEnt ded of EERANSTON anot ELANLEBUTTOPERONGER CORMILLANES WERDENTIANE




----- Sample 2 -----
ATturs FUELS Spliable
  BUCKINS LEUNLETKE. Eye score will come be hence.

  fLefr. CAve, betheating'd beF whereic th' pesend,
    How not not wereanty vight'red.
  MESTARGrAMINE. I il; but I am not
    As he reachers
    Heth, know of mE, reamd with turn a gentlame as so.
     And, shorts to lirg the

----- Sample 3 -----
Ak.
  Anboundar, and you shall heal stain!
    And our my word, arier dades as to humy.
  Her. That grot itser's is prick whicK you towe
    cield with homessilon but anscharsh,
    As thou deantas, pleast the controbpes anvland'd minesers
    day Lat day ho! a doth but it me!
                 king t

--------------------
Completed 60 minibatches of size 32x1000 characters
Sampling characters from network given initialization ""
----- Sample 0 -----
Custhil's pray of upway
    As nuture unfort, they paterad nead?
  KING HENDY. And she Falming, sword, her, lord.
  Rome. By his charke,
                                                Exeunt. May Pomaniay it of court,
    Thut I those gown thowe earse, Rome, stend as goven to
D COMILES OF MACHARH. B

----- Sample 1 -----
CHESSER. A TaN? Pring'd, stend thy deay;
     Wouldy not that imped dAry?
    O Agre Homety.
  Bene. Landon?
  FALSTAFF. What a shall be kingent of against you,
  SHankman! What, say, broww'dd thiny ingonench Charm, he shall;
    We in upon mortose bear you like
    Where, done.
  FALSTAFF. What warr

----- Sample 2 -----
CUMIANIGan BARDS
BALUS. What, other, egringle they.
  PASTAGUS. The pruwer's thee lent think his love;
    Thou art some oween a pray abret no dignial, thou way
    myself it at by noble brothes, burk,
    And sobeds! you servilier away.
    A seiges in the abour, her,
    Fire of pebpolious. Noked, 

----- Sample 3 -----
Catusor blay,
  Being her but the oaturaits therefore but in my
    'twoLly
    smust engellemarty, to keep chackip.
  IATIBIO. In wratch; and from their fattel!
  may lent suns, Ullich 'a dow'r hand.
  COgn, and mine us Tutus did my fatce's sant
    As draw his fulst!

                              

--------------------
Completed 70 minibatches of size 32x1000 characters
Sampling characters from network given initialization ""
----- Sample 0 -----
GE- Me rard it pray his blord.
    The other will the courtry his heard.
    Glooked he is done of her atters knemage, and in the honour
    Nor shame to or heps of good that doe not undery.
    Lost as the heaph.                             Exit

S, ELANON. Dorst, this save hath heaven sou; for I po

----- Sample 1 -----
GUCHILTINE. AGHIM
    And frad up defels and to be pleasure ition;
    You sisser; there's rekent prisure yey an sparithless. O,
    Fool I thind he usmand, he is to ars- hath might impany
    in a haipnour attity remolence, and thou art are again. From lows
    in every do theer time icruot the swee

----- Sample 2 -----
GLEPATRA. O head me to give Emper to Nejothy;
    hithough our amt netter and all othery gaves!
    Are ye not youmbeant of lord.
    That to a very pay it, as away. I, too. Hasting was I canyer leome, and
    his done. I will dead thy repartm you knows slave,
    In cros'd his piecchmon as so anser,

----- Sample 3 -----
G; car till with conders is
    a othing my suck'd ads should sades how I knave cause!
  TIROLLOF Ro. Nau; ho, come to the peaped repormon.
  KING RISA. But I day doe, lefer, say that it sunsed.
  BOs GAN:TIHAR. Wit, thou art overalle.
  AURONIIA. shall be as from thee, Gien' kee.
  IANO. Never for c

--------------------
Completed 80 minibatches of size 32x1000 characters
Sampling characters from network given initialization ""
----- Sample 0 -----
ARICE OF DUTHER BOTHEPROBE

  KING HENRER.  The CRiecchas me. Who seel-be rans with a tame.
  CHARLINA. Help their dulanes
    Wilder gentlewands. Ere no for Costuis?' what I not for Duke but three eyes,
    'tis the sweet new be deward. thou stan his press Point,
    Which I emerfous the real done, 

----- Sample 1 -----
AND MARSION cord gat to Si' of least
    And Rose that Awilant's arry some eye,
         Exeter, acture, Espane

           Who sees these hand kill be disperse we sweat
                           Hie, Which shath this very friends,
    'Tis the such such pucks of Lord worpasing
    Your heart holour

----- Sample 2 -----
AND How I'll reven us.
  Lear. Which you do may then on their trunted of thine recurue's intomy
    To my heart; sweet hold only thou?
  CLIFFORD. Ay, for Unreaple came be to me
    .  That you, heavy it such thy feeble from thy
    awakes insot.
ADRICHOMENETER. Our Prisse give you chake the cupty es

----- Sample 3 -----
ANTORLO. I with all their Vouserad of captart,
    A fanteng dare me with the saw, the fash viigact.
  Lanco. To be should never till on you wilt us
    Your wasts
    You wrong!
  KINGh. If but, brother, awake and broth flech me;
    My our From chiid where ass. Thy plouftite than lord,
    Shall I 

--------------------
Completed 90 minibatches of size 32x1000 characters
Sampling characters from network given initialization ""
----- Sample 0 -----
, it so, so be manancess to that pown
    Whereise. From beight as the knee, or savo, home suching that cestions de.
    Your open, mouth granger of us batty.
                                            Exit and will coaring in the fence,
    To know your torgues, an- I do cleaunts them-
  SWor. 'Twi

----- Sample 1 -----
, and down a will end
    An at vigarour'd nobivelless of
    Whonour'd for court; my tlimber 'twilt since
    Whose couson fetch being upon mind.
  TERDANO. My lord? The is snuch but conquerd the aU at officelmible abp'd
    To stool be.
  Cap. I should non gave his witter-leaty, weae stay you
    O

----- Sample 2 -----
, let me you all alas.
    I canst as your degriony, and my fire, and;
    And one say at it death for your aNver fore
    The matter to plour, aways my vool to high to at out
    To wound of teavs on your palach shooks thee,
    Another he stood of your doush in offeling
    Old sender of the part i

----- Sample 3 -----
, the weach in spring achop'd
    Since that the which are have stands of 
    BUCLEDY
  ! He is you she that how to been me trence; I say to a
    we are to boy; now for the fear of wakea to Make
    Though the known behind, th stick our boving
    You?
    Must de your that and mothies envouth os m

--------------------
Completed 100 minibatches of size 32x1000 characters
Sampling characters from network given initialization ""
----- Sample 0 -----
VERS O, God, in Benmish, Gentlewell!
  ORLANDO. Ay, wilt roin con. Amigius; Hund hearn our wit former;
    Wuthan I have from heard upon the prichoors,
    And his fire; he shall all strike to for his little worth
    of the good of legs. Is her faith, as
    His colone, of 'twearted the news! Then t

----- Sample 1 -----
VIAN. For dost my sorrow, this hearth in a day be,
    you but so. Leing please my hearthing purbony?
    See the Beform ? I 
    To opear thee must come that than comes,
    Then lest hit falliw ite that is upon the cried day
    Awid a mouth'd philotrhas, of master! Is I speak you all abexish'd
   

----- Sample 2 -----
VINGELO SENATIDUCH and MARDES

  SUCLOND. Abains' their unwors; ourself, unclience, for how brook, corestan
    grows of his wart-with hisselfon thee, Palet.
  PROVEST. Sif was me our high 'tis well on a pacigiance.
    Monstantis' how but hovese the snaed. 'Tis you purcisbment.
     Withorath shall 

----- Sample 3 -----
Vendly came
    His Sonst eak a hill upon this sanes,
    Which I may say you to calauty! thou have must gentle aveil, by himself.
    She will this usuring tcuty, my master. And who more husbeect.
    I not that we love the house for sitrer.

                                                Enter TOR

--------------------
Completed 110 minibatches of size 32x1000 characters
Sampling characters from network given initialization ""
----- Sample 0 -----
ation puy where.
    And I. O save her womons to my madesting
    Ie to his hill ride your blood boins, I'll not paise-
    I neem not antwear no mert.
  Loot. I crid'st to the by prome you of the Wood of marrides from him
    cloy will enroker then of the moots regron,
    Becpeaties have name of or

----- Sample 1 -----
ain, a constrant in frierd,
    With the brow ye hath things in men thou in the sword,
    Or twas by the fountains.
  Ham. Thus now the late affect:
    And now? On his slaughte from Even than you!
  PETER.  Again! hath mef you shall sat your hearts and counself
    Drowd'd put the hearts of our vil

----- Sample 2 -----
as!

           Rouding Housing is sinks and woman to this Proeccon,
    And pardies upon mading to this laarion may
    And, and on Bally stremb be; sir?s
    He hath matty free good play but may faults
    you mak, we do but well. At the tects chath'st I have
    Norsull me. Why, and here that 'tis

----- Sample 3 -----
aring's sigh of you;
    That is sons foul grip Cupingants, what knows,
    And come give me leave the arrow, strength here;
        God got clown frime instranger of their lood
    To your perseft fevormen have beglacist.

                                       Exeunt Lil's. God from be world.
  KIN

--------------------
Completed 120 minibatches of size 32x1000 characters
Sampling characters from network given initialization ""
----- Sample 0 -----
Wern. With awlands had young Brisdembt
    On the clount no charge speedh
    Her father considers that now of Bennema; and my actings.
    A mar to det of honour lords
    They 
    His free wherefore?
  LESNOT. They would theat of his gnets the faind; and full on that
    a mill; they ter slrown ma

----- Sample 1 -----
Wear; I will be my cherity comely murdage,
    your greasers, and sumper shall presently hapfitigers.s
    For proragiins and trale's none; and frair that
    Thus had in the strome to the Roman honour.
     Should I laddersing are married; lad I am it that as away an Ambear
    Any will accause of i

----- Sample 2 -----
WIND. Wolk the Marbinauterous. But Lord hath,
    Who great a supficvers, Frencence, I wake by me
    Whose mad most fatners do liege to become the encew much you
    this worsting for the Yorth! there I have no anothing all in forget.
  Lall. Tray and his seagally! I flather the croys guil,
    The 

----- Sample 3 -----
Wake that glad we nests
    Edats reselve him enrestrain; how there shall kind, you, place?
  MRS. PAROLLE. Hasty grouried, let not well, etter I noth. This Vomberant liver glad ham the gaten,
    very before ill as there are he should chatge himself
       The gold lef me?
  THEUSIO. A dreams, this 

--------------------
Completed 130 minibatches of size 32x1000 characters
Sampling characters from network given initialization ""
----- Sample 0 -----
8things I am sure a name in
    Prayers. I tell thee; come, Unoke, to have him to ;
    The bring ourselves part of the tenst bets removing
    And speak alminst me; and pro'd he himsell; let not a milien so
    hath unto some boy.
    A foolion's grate! go the father therefore,
    Will Beditius mus

----- Sample 1 -----
8, do be a pow'rs. 
  GLOUCESTER. I am in this hair wide I sent his kind.
  VALENTINE. But alaring Letit, and these work hath
    both from the whis fill in a conton as fair, I wait
    strick other yet hear me upon his heart;
    Dome Annelight! This good Throne: shall be poins!
    The get your tru

----- Sample 2 -----
8
    I am clearent, hold doth th' ogeing lever rebeit
    come whos 'whom dith thee their gaties of a killess to beauty.
    Thunder, your inother his Morth forefore is much behing
    like on that I do blackly help ta live her done.
    King, if thou I bring that hath to be so carcy- I say?
    Tri

----- Sample 3 -----
8man Phile, nor for grow me.
    A foallly to by thy hage, thy witf-Ed: thou to high,
    Like Blantion of gain and light the glame rehidse all;
    To hol's old.
  CLIDEN. They ho?
  HERMIA. But tell me this from thou then be sets leatele me
    To falls me some pleasion, and not bold Arch
    With 

--------------------
Completed 140 minibatches of size 32x1000 characters
Sampling characters from network given initialization ""
----- Sample 0 -----
well.
  LEONTES. I shall detrine, bly thy heart.                           Exit
  PISTOL. Give new or dispens's upurm'd. Comes set he knows
    In life of go lith. Come, savise, I drebight;
         To Caechoo water hern. To Iblawnet will tell you
    Who the mistress, but years mother's barther.
  P

----- Sample 1 -----
warce of earge you canst him ear
    and capew affection that ill suck a cloaque
    To like ther's wife; plaise you matter benity!
  As I cannot got no moon.
    The grow desire captainty hims,
    Hath done your lord. 'You voud I are deed,
    Shill be heard that go unpasty paven to love,
    F or 

----- Sample 2 -----
watiLg prov in my wither;
    Where's my sound Eghose very which! they shall be lip
    Sinriths togets of earth, his beart thou do, not did from a nebd?
    How now be their most vruen wilk I me.
                                  Enter CaUpel lies, you no longer was not Messengs;
    LoS an hosted m

----- Sample 3 -----
wing our sacrig
    Or lives be conolit'd; if and cage' sormed
    Go no more. O TITIA Feeding to Hampare his men, now,
    For th' year, as metive is Greek is clean it.
    For our dogual way hath beem'd
    Whom was and be eppasant. O, Cromis King
                                   GROMIA, can up t

--------------------
Completed 150 minibatches of size 32x1000 characters
Sampling characters from network given initialization ""
----- Sample 0 -----
R, when Make were have beand
    The unsut of Castlate.- So receive,
    Servant a wrengel look add offligious, signiok,
    Money heart discrotted to hours of thy coperul inbuse.
    I. Should we had umon'd a stopbet prolition.
    For that I'll unwill not morrows.
  ARMADO. Tell his lord.
  DOUPHOF

----- Sample 1 -----
R

  MARCUS. O horse Voltumilus. Are there world, yet wrong. I harrent me not.
  FORD. No thousand house, I do forgot, my brows Astolume?
    There is no, we do reperlant.
DRIANIO. At honor, remently, had you so
    The rich pity, and through; I do will all the deem's,
    Or disuly parroasl'd, lenge

----- Sample 2 -----
RIbARELY. SYVALY
  ORLANDO. Tally her talking puck!
    I will emy perceiv'd your very head I end' a
    mode on Great. is not yet he did be make this play,
    Then eatle own cherad and tuger art breads of
    Or is out with the Duke of wins old damphrey.
  Hot. Will I hear you hencower.
  , or I kn

----- Sample 3 -----
REDESTIOR ONLYIA. LERYOCD PERDICTENET CHARIS INCIAD AN! IN) INCHIMONP. OR TOPTHIMERNE. COHLL AS. Ij'd borne:

  ANTONY. O the tabes but left againnent
    Cassing do the King,
    As man ever to, he
    I will know as decy
    Our colf; be hotily
    To be't a wench'd.
    My act no bightesires
    S

--------------------
Completed 160 minibatches of size 32x1000 characters
Sampling characters from network given initialization ""
----- Sample 0 -----
Jul.
  Score. I presame me
    To rethee the bairs, ills    With good diids I'll sweet
    Must virlies; then I bringled his smallowy
    Shamous of the ULline.
  MAN IWelGo.  To be with air,
    And with you. I will die!               Enter ARTHUTa. At a found of Groops

       the King will doth th

----- Sample 1 -----
JUSS hoods it he and rather.
  BERINAGUS. Will you will we prison helpow you watch. They shows to dall
    Our scuppose of Calenius.
  VALENTINE. If well, Paterie?
    If ha, yet have some the grace is circum-
    Prince. He is rabers and did princess as in pown,
    And overpossance and he met be go

----- Sample 2 -----
Jjj's night, shampering do broke eLORES enter the crofs one peness

  LEONTe. till he comely?
  ARLAS. And what is hest wore light  of Typt to makel or or,
    Some to speaks a broken-than's repent,
    And thou the prieve master speaker brooks
    Tobelain and bound even e, soul,
    un arms, as is 

----- Sample 3 -----
JUCH, tlou'st out soul
    See; nor though he hath royal my nobmonion word!
  Dum If she makes you like thee speak patity;
    Some poper shall be soldiers victorms in Frantic
    Spakish all their batishmy in bastard,
    And yet even to his husbone to my
    Triams of shiff; and must enterer your l

--------------------
Completed 170 minibatches of size 32x1000 characters
Sampling characters from network given initialization ""
----- Sample 0 -----
our sluffless hour.
    Gad bid him usurp- That pointy love, garments,
    Than shart but know me by the unwash'd that walls himself.
    Sir, when broken you upon off good aid.
    What a sagep of Franch behold you?
  Friar. Our Havin, where in arus are confirming;
    Stay what castle fall putmor's

----- Sample 1 -----
on.

                                                          Exouning never paty in enal Glastible

Enter ARTHUR all offers, MORIVIUS
 and so the watchis time lap wy struet? Why, more times she
    What we will tall thee     join of heaven!
  DIOTELDIOK. Nay in heav'nsoff you, Lord Gracius,
    As 

----- Sample 2 -----
ord is but that ever or eat
    contempt youth. 'Twas you give Never straight.
    And, if you shall wasted by onsite them thus? You have
    deeds itself. What mother? Unpurest Lendon of mine eyes;
    But let it it that he gatten'd-and great news.
  ANGEW. Welcome, they are have kelding all attenda

----- Sample 3 -----
oundly than sempt me,
    As the ill-virtue of sunceiching than madest.
  TIMON. Ay; and all they are it, thy throat of my slander, and bany than talrowing thee. God,
    a scarl- bring you coursematitigness him that,
    but this streat in thy boy to be a secrets, and entertain

    life.           



Example complete
Time elapsed (minutes):13

Process finished with exit code 0
